More up to date cross compilation instructions (#1928)
toitlang/toit: README_OTHERPLATFORMS.md

# Cross compiling for other platforms on Linux.

## Non-native Linux targets.

> You need to install clang (version 16.0.6 works).  It will fetch the
> back ends that it needs.

Reviewer: Is that what you mean?
```suggestion
You need to install clang (version 16.0.6 works).  Our Makefile will fetch the
necessary sysroots that it needs.
```

Reviewer: You could also add the list of supported sysroots (and point to our repository).

You also need lld.

## Windows targets.

For cross compiling Windows you need the mingw toolchain, 32 or 64 bit.
Wine is also a good idea.

## Compiling.

```shell

> make clean && make      # Build the host version.

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure that happens automatically.

> make disable-auto-sync  # Optional - faster builds.

Reviewer: No need (imho), but OK with keeping it.
```suggestion
```

make TARGET=win64
make TARGET=win32

> make TARGET=aarch64     # 64 bit ARM.
> make TARGET=armv7       # 32 bit ARM.
> make TARGET=riscv64
> make TARGET=riscv32

Reviewer: These have shortcuts: `make aarch64` ,...
```suggestion
# For Linux targets the Makefile has aliases. The following calls are
# equivalent to 'make TARGET=X'.
make aarch64
make armv7
make riscv64
make raspbian # Sysroot based on a 32-bin raspbian image.
make arm-linux-gnueabi
```

Reviewer: And `pi` is an alias for `raspbian`. So `make pi`
